#summary Authors and contributors.

=== Authors and Contributors ===

*Pedro Matiello* <pmatiello@gmail.com>
 * Project maintainer/leader;
 * Graph, Digraph and Hipergraph classes;
 * Accessibility algorithms;
 * Cut-node and cut-edge detection;
 * Cycle detection;
 * Depth-first and Breadth-first searching;
 * Minimal Spanning Tree (Prim's algorithm);
 * Random graph generation;
 * Topological sorting;
 * Traversals;
 * XML reading/writing;
 * Refactoring.

*Anand Jeyahar* <anand.jeyahar@gmail.com>
 * Edge deletion on hypergraphs.

*Christian Muise* <christian.muise@gmail.com>
 * Project commiter;
 * Dot file reading/writing;
 * Hypergraph class;
 * Refactoring.

*Eugen Zagorodniy* <e.zagorodniy@gmail.com>
 * Mutual Accessibility (Tarjan's Algorithm).

*Johannes Reinhardt* <jreinhardt@ist-dein-freund.de>
 * Refactoring.

*Nathan Davis* <davisn90210@gmail.com>
 * Faster node insertion.

*Paul Harrison* <pfh@logarithmic.net>
 * Mutual Accessibility (Tarjan's Algorithm).

*Rhys Ulerich* <rhys.ulerich@gmail.com>
 * Dijkstra's Shortest path algorithm.

*Roy Smith* <roy@panix.com>
 * Heuristic Searching (A`*` algorithm).

*Salim Fadhley* <sal@stodge.org>
 * Project commiter;
 * Porting of Roy Smith's A`*` implementation to python-graph;
 * Edmond Chow's heuristic for A`*`;
 * Refactoring.

*Tomaz Kovacic* <tomaz.kovacic@gmail.com>
 * Project commiter;
 * Transitive edge detection;
 * Critical path algorithm;
 * Logo design.

*Zsolt Haraszti* <zsolt@drawwell.net>
 * Weighted random generated graphs.